You woke up in some kind of cell, all your memories are gone. It's dark and nasty, only a weak flickering lamp on the low ceiling lightens the surroundings. Walls and floor are covered in sticky goo-like dirt.
There's some dark shadow in the far corner that remains still, but somehow feels alive. You don't want to come closer to it. 
In your pockets you've found some tools. Despite amnesia you realize that you know how to use them all. Wire hook, skeleton and bump key... Are you a robber? You don't remember...
The only exit is blocked by a strong gritted door with a lock on it. You feel the urge to leave this place immediately. That strange shadow in the corner gives you creeps... Maybe, try to pick the lock?
The lock burst open with a strained click. You grabbed the rusty metal bars and pushed the door. There was a hope in your heart that you might get yourself out of here.
Old hinges have turned with loud shrieking rasp. As this sound echoed in your ears you felt a disturbing movement behind. Quick, turn around!
Strange shadow wasn't still anymore. It was moving and shaking, its disfigured limbs fumbling on the floor like disgusting giant worms. But the most terrifying were teeth. Tightly clenched, they were bared right at you. Cold streamed down your spine. You should run.
You rushed through a dark and dirty corridor, leaving behind that terrible chthonic beast. One turn, another... You didn't know where you were running and what's ahead. The only desire was to be as far from the unknown creature as possible. So you keep on running, slipping, falling in the dirt and getting on your feet just to run again.
Soon the corridor ended with another gritted door. You stopped in front of it, trying to catch your breath. Another lock. This time you should be quick - you can hear rustling sounds of movement in the distance. Whatever this beast is, it's coming after you.
No time to think. You need to move forward. There should be an exit somewhere, right?
You continued your run through corridors, and found yourself in front of another door. This time, a wooden one, but firm and locked for good. You did it twice and you did it well. Why not do that again...
You burst the door open. Another corridor, same as before. Where are you? How did you get here? Why is this happening to you? No memories about that at all...
Finally, you stopped again, panting frantically and staring at another locked door. This one was not as dirty and old as the others. There even was a wooden sign on it. Not without difficulties you read the illegible letters.
DON’T EVER LET THEM GET OUT OF INNER LAYERS
You felt your hair stand up. Who left this warning?
Go, go, go ahead... While running you noticed that corridors became somehow cleaner and less moisty. Maybe, you’re getting closer to the way out of this nightmare. 
New door, new lock. You gave a look at your hands - they’re covered in black sticky dirt and shaking violently. It’s getting hard to hold the instruments still.
It’s definitely getting cleaner here. No more goo on walls, lamps on the ceiling are not flickering. There’s some weak light source ahead. An exit, please, let it be an exit! You don’t know how long you can keep on running.
New door. Full metal with a massive, brand new, shiny lock. The light is coming through a small viewing window near the ceiling. And there’s an engraving at the eye level.
NO INNER BEASTS ALLOWED TO CONSCIOUSNESS
It’s so crazy and unbelievable. And you would gladly not believe in some nonsense writings... but you still can hear the rustling behind, echoing in empty corridors. That thing is very much real and scary as hell. 
This time the door opened with less effort. It’s definitely newer than previous ones. You have the feeling that the end is near. Though your hope for getting out grows bigger at the thought of it, you can’t stop thinking about warnings on doors. What’s that terrible being that chases you? What if you’re not only saving yourself but setting it free?
Doesn’t matter. Nothing matters when you recall in memory clenched teeth and sticky limbs stretching to reach you.
Next door appeared to be more like a safe one. Huge, fine and heavy, it seems to be hard to pick. You hope that your skills won't let you down this time, though the warning engraved on the metal surface doesn’t sound reassuring.
LAST CHANCE TO STAY WHERE YOU BELONG
Stay where you belong? What the hell... If it means to stay face to face with the creature behind, then - no, thank you very much. You prefer to skip the chance.
Light is growing brighter as you move forward. It’s soft, calming and promising salvation. Corridor became white and clean and each of your steps was leaving a dirty footprint on the floor. 
You expected the next door to be something like Fort Knox. But it wasn’t at all. Thin and fragile, with stained glass, it was nothing like the previous one, thick and solid. Suspicious... But you are too tired and scared to reason with suspicions. 
Behind the door you found a room with no windows. It looks like some kind of hospital ward: soft walls, bright light and sterile-clean air. The only furniture is a white chair. There’s a person sitting in it. Somehow this person seems to be familiar to you, but you can’t remember anything specific. Maybe, this person can help you?
The following reaction to your desperate request was shocking.
Monster! Get the hell away from me!
Scream grates your ear. You’re trying to find words to answer when your gaze falls on the far wall. There’s a mirror on it that reflects a person screaming in horror... and you. All tensed, breathing heavily, covered in goo-like dirt from head to toe. That dirt slowly flows down on the clean floor and disfigures your body like a thick, disgusting looking tar.
And your face... only your tightly clenched teeth are seen in layers of dirt.
Never should have looked inside! Go back where you belong!
But it seems like the dirt got inside your throat - all you can do is whisper something inaudible, and rustling sounds of your own voice horrified you.
Get out of my life!
Your legs buckled. Each scream seemed to be quieter through growing buzzing in your ears. You looked at the person’s face and in a flash of a moment one memory appeared in your head, like an illuminating insight. 
This face wasn’t just familiar. It was yours.
Why have to treat you like that?
What did you do wrong?
Why are you so hated?
You want to get out of here. To see the light again. But now you’re locked in the darkest cell of memories for good with no tool to escape.
The only thing you can do is wait. Maybe one day some other you will unlock the cell once more and you’ll have the chance to escape. All of you will.